2901 generate auth token (#2967)
raft-tech/TANF-app: tdrs-backend/docs/api/authentication.md

 This will allow the backend to identify the browser which requested access and authorize them based on the cookie they provide in their API calls. 

 The secured portion of this authorization is due to the httpOnly cookie being inaccessible to the client's local browser. 

# Generating API token

> In order to use APIs, the `OFA Admin` user has to generate a new token and use it in the API request following these steps:

Reviewer: @raftmsohani ofa admin or ofa system admin? both?

Author: It is only for OFA SYS ADMIN. Do you want ofa admin to have access too?

Reviewer: ofa system admin is fine with me. just need to update this markdown with the relevant permission group.

Author: Done!

1. User has to first login using frontend and going through the normal login process

> 2. After user is logged in, user can grab a token at `/v1/security/get-toke`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. After user is logged in, user can grab a token at `/v1/security/get-token`
```

I assume it was just a typo. Does it need a trailing `/` as well?

Author: Yes, and doesn't need the trailing `/`

3. The token then can be used in authorization header. As an example:
   
```curl --location 'http://{host}/v1/users/' --header 'Authorization: Token {token}'```

> Note the token is available for certain period of time: this is set using `TOKEN_EXPIRATION_HOURS` env vars. If not set, it is set to 24hrs by default.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note: the authentication token is available for 24 hours by default but this can be overridden using the `TOKEN_EXPIRATION_HOURS` environment variable.  
```

> Note: the authentication token is available for 24 hours by default but this can be overridden using the `TOKEN_EXPIRATION_HOURS` environment variable.  

Reviewer: @raftmsohani is this env var saved in circleci? or can this only be overridden with a codebase change?

Author: @ADPennington This should be set to circle CI. I have not added the env var yet, was waiting for approval first.
